CS180 Homework 7
Problems 11, 14, 17, 29
11. See page 2
	
14a. Given  sink node t and conneced with  each node in S with directed edge to t with capacity |X|
If required routes exist max flow = |X|
	Use |X| unit capacity edges from source to each of the nodes in X. From there, we have a path  from each  node in X to some node in S using unique edges. Thus flow exists
If maxflow=|X|, required routes exist
	Each node in X is receiveing unit capacity flow from s and since this flow reaches t, each edge between X and S are unit capacity. Thus, we have a unique  path from every node in X to some node in S

14b. Create a network flow problem as assign unit capacity to all existing edges. Introduce source nodes and connect it to each node in x with a  unit capacity  directed edge. Introduce  sink mode t and connect to each  node in s with directed edge to t with capacity |X|,  Calculate max-flow iff such routes exist
If require routes exist, maxflow=|X|. From there, we have a path from each node in x to some node in S using unique edges. 
If max-flow = |X|, required routes exist. If max-flow =|X| each  node in x is receiving unit capacity flow from s, and since all this flow is reaching t and each edge between x and s is unit capacity, all of this flow must be using unique edge. Thus, we have a uniquepath. 	

17. Given that an algorithm accomplishes this task using only O(klogn) pings
*Restricted ot O(Llog n) oungs
Run time should not be restricted
Instead it should be poly time
Max flow of R' are disjoint pahts
The disjoint paths are
p1,...,pk
Using foxd fulkssion  algo these paths can be formed is O(mk)
Intruder has k arc
Ones are destroyed by each path
We  cannot space two paths for a single arc
Path has O(n) length each
Bisection-search ping algo used to remove pi
If vertex is formed, ping, it otherwise vertex-3-quetus along pi 
Thus O(logn) comes from removing each edge
Perform BFS O(m)->G-removed edges
Return vertices that don't exist

29. This problem can be solved by Min-Cut method
Stat by creating an undirected graph as graph that has vertex for every software application. Call them v1, v2, ... vn, where vi corresponds to application i. There is a special vertex t. If apps i and j have an associated value xij, then we have an edge between vi and vj of capacity xij
For Every  vertex vi, i ≠ 1 we have edge (vi, t) of capacity bvi
We can say  that v1-t min-cut will give desired answer
Let x be such a cut so v1 in x an t not in x capcity  of x = sum from i, j, vi in x to vj not in x of xij - sum of bvi plus sum of bv. This is same as expense minus benefit of moving applications which are not in set x
Thus, finding a mincut is same as findign set of apps from which expense minus benefit is minimized or benefit minus expense is maximized.